What are you doing after the night shift?
Wife, what are you looking for in the study?
Do you need me to help you find it?
Husband, this is a small town,
He lost his fancy things,
I searched for a long time and couldn't find it.
Just look for it in your study. Yeah?
Husband, why did I lie to you?
Wife, this is my study room.
Just my computer and the books I read,
If there is no small town.
How about I accompany you to find the boss somewhere else?
Are you a lying girl who eats in front of me?
Then hurry up
Hurry up and introduce who we know.
Eat well before now
Slightly because of one benefit
My company
Then you can soar into the sky
Qian An was too busy then
There's nothing I can do about it?
You and I are together with a man just because your ex is
I am kind
Then why don't you go find a piece of nugget, boss?
You are the eldest lady of my former family
After this night shift
How can I compare with you? This is
He seems to be doubting me recently
If he finds out that I have left home, then he
We can no longer compete for shipments.
Let’s learn more about knowledge
I'll do something like that as soon as possible
Maybe you're overthinking it?
If it is smaller, it will make the Ten Thousand Years Pass like this
I will move into this house first tomorrow and then
Haiyun and Variety Show Wanjia
Wait until I get all the money by hard code
Just divorce him and raise a soldier
No one lives here?
When you get in the car
Just retired
I just took advantage of the weirdness
I'm not a soldier yet
The Tooth Saint didn’t even quit
There are not many people living among these latter students, you are?
I am Mr. Xue’s wife
I don’t know how many of them live there.
It’s just that what I want is a woman of your nature.
Looks quite beautiful
Those are really good
These characteristics of yours are so amazing
This way you will definitely have good health in your days
As long as you give me photos
I'll misunderstand you again
Give it a try
Na Xia Le threatens
I'll send you the photo instead
Are you the one who dares to try weak management?
I am your death